Referenced library wrapper (#72)
arduino/arduino-pro-content: content/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-usb/content.md

The **USBHost** library that is used in this example is a revamp of the classic Arduino **USBHost** library. This new version, among adapting the protocol to the newer USB version, allows to connect devices through USB Hubs (USB adapters). For a better understanding about how the USBHost library works, it could be helpful for you to take a look at the Arduino [USBHost](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/USBHost) library.

> **Note:** You can get the finished sketch in the library at:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can find the finished sketch in the examples of the Arduino_Pro_Tutorials library:  
```

> *Examples -> Arduino_Pro_Tutorials -> Portenta H7 as a USB Host -> LEDKeyboardController*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Examples -> Arduino_Pro_Tutorials -> Portenta H7 as a USB Host -> LEDKeyboardController**
```
